Darling you let me in
Is it for some excitement in the office?
You are such a charming leprechaun
But not in the office
If someone finds out, we're both going to be screwed
This is the company's new product introduction.
Take a look and make an advertising plan
Really? That's great.
I'll do it now.
There must be rich people at the reception of the Shenwei Group
If I could participate
Report a rich second generation at random
Better than this little experience
This is the company's new application materials
Make an advertising plan
Why let me do it again?
Yang Qianchen, I guess
Not allowed
You are not allowed to disclose your relationship in the company, right?
Although I don't know his exact identity
But I may not like you.